The best infantry combinations

● The best infantry march for beginners
At the very beginning of the game, you don't have many options when it comes to infantry. And even if you are lucky enough to get a legendary infantry hero, you will not be able to upgrade him quickly. For this reason, focus on epic heroes that you can upgrade quite easily. And a fully upgraded epic hero will be stronger than a legendary hero who has only the first skill unlocked.
Bahar and Eliana (see Picture 1) are not awesome infantry heroes, but they do an excellent job of dealing damage in the early stages, which means you can easily raise the levels of your infantry march from the start of the game by attacking the dark ones.

● Progressive infantry march
After some time, the infantry march described above loses its relevance. And the best option would be to start creating a Nickname (see picture 2).
She does a lot of damage, and Bahar supports it perfectly. For most players, this is the most useful combination that helps to quickly deal with any goal.
The second stage is to make this squad more resilient.
In PvP, there will be an ideal pair: Nick + Madeline (see picture 3). They deal damage and are quite hardy at the same time.
! If we talk about PvE, especially on giants, then a pair of Madeline + Garwood will make the squad very hardy, but you will also need a magic or shooting squad to deal damage.

● The best infantry marches
The best infantry configuration in subsequent seasons consists of two infantry squads!
Goresh + Skogul (see picture 4) is so good that it is not only difficult to break through, but it also causes huge damage, punishing the enemy every second of the fight.
The second infantry march: Madeline + Garwood (see picture 4), which you need. They will be so hard to defeat with all the healings and shields that they will become the second line of defense against anything you do. But this second march does not cause damage as such, but acts precisely as a shield and protection.